okay so this is a quick video to show
you how to switch between
lvd mode active and LVD mode in active
on the evx to ESC on the summit this is
the inversion with the low voltage
detection capability this is actually a
new esc that i visit to my old summit
the previous esc didn't have a low
voltage detection i blew up a couple of
lipos because i didn't hear the alarm on
my low voltage alarm go off anyway so
this is how you switch from one mode to
the other and to give a quick and easy
way of doing that so currently I'm
running to mypos and let's suppose that
these lipos
have run down so I want to get a bit
more runtime out in the field by
switching to my nickel metal hydride
batteries which I happen to have
available so first thing to do is okay
so it's off right unplug the Y pose plug
in the nickel metal hydrides right so
we've got both of those batteries
connected now we turn on the C and it
flashes green red because it's confused
it's in LVD low voltage detection active
mode but it's got nickel metal hydride
batteries which - don't play so how do
we change that
well unplug the back side which is for
me the side with the with a label right
unplug it from the battery ESC goes off
obviously plug the back side back in
and press and hold the button until it
goes from green to red and then take
your finger off and now flash is red and
goes blank then press and hold the
button again for about eight to ten
seconds until you hear three beeps goes
long red and then goes off now what we
should find when we turn it off and back
on again is it goes red so it's now in
lvd inactive mode which is good for
running with nickel metal hydride
batteries okay nice and easy okay so
this is to tell you how to switch
between nickel metal hydride batteries
and on to light both so you need to
switch from LVD in active mode which is
the red light on to lvd active mode
which is the green light on and this is
how you do it so first of all turn off
the SC unplug the metal hydride
batteries and plug in the lye purpose so
so you plugged in the lipos turn it on
and it goes into red mode which means
it's in lvd inactive she's no good
because that's how you explode your life
poses I've learned to my cost so what we
do now is we just hold down the button
and it goes off
short there it beeps and go green and
now lvd mode is active we're ready to
run on those lipo's hopefully they won't
explode so that's how you switch between
LVD active the inactive mode on edx t u
v x2 DSC with low voltage detection all
the Traxxas sonnet